This week was pretty uneventful. I often find myself saying "I'll do it tomorrow." My Mom always said "Tomorrow never comes" when I was a kid but I never got but as I get older I get it more and more.

I'm not a complete slob though, I'm currently in my final* semester of school and I'm done damn near all of my assignments. Only have 1 left that is completely untouched (only becausse it isn't out yet). Other than that I am a killer when it comes to school assignments, I often get things done the day they are assigned. Only things I'm waiting on are group members to get their stuff done.

There's also this club I'm in, Queen's TCF (The Citizens Foundation). We help raise funds for the larger TCF organization to go build schools and stuff in Pakistan. That's really low effort though, I'm filling out random forms to get a bunch of permissions. It's not really interesting and I feel like I'm wasting my time. People are cool though. Since I left university to go back home I don't really get to interact with anyone there. 

I'm thinking I'm gonna quit in like 2/3 weeks, just before exams hit and I know things are gonna be slow in terms of club events.

Anyways onto things that actually matter. The job hunt. I feel like maybe my entire life has been coming to this moment. Of course I have bigger aspirations past this but right now this is the most important thing on my list I need to get done.

But for whatever reason, perhaps the fear of failing. I just have not been doing anything about it. I'm not reaching out to people and I'm not doing any leetcode. It's weird because I do want this more than anything but I keep delaying it. That stops now though.

Next week you'll see a crazy amount of progress from my side and how I turned this all around.

\*Not really a final semester since I have one more semester to finish my group capstone project, but I don't have any "real" classes after this semester