---
layout: post
title:  "Rejection"
date:   2023-12-03
categories: jekyll update
---
Oh man I almost missed this one haha. This week has been pretty intense. Took a
bit of a break from all the job hunt stuff since I had a big presentation and a
big test that needed to get done. Ended up presenting content I wasn't supposed
to talk about at all because the person before me handed the slides off to me
like 7 slides too early and finished the 1 hour test in 10 minutes. So overall
it sums up to an average week.

Going back to Kingston was nice. I love the air in that city. I don't think
there's a better school in Canada if there was a vibe ranking. Buildings are
all super pretty, great people. Missed that place. I'll be going back in around
2 weeks to get 2 exams done. Computer Vision and Ethics. After exams I'll sum
up my experiences at Queen's.

I wanted to talk a bit about rejection. I've been feeling it recently. I like
completely embarassingly failed this technical interview with this AI 3D image
modelling company. I want to have an excuse but man I think I just shat the bed.
Pressure got to me.

So that rejection was rough even though I knew it was coming, but I think I'm
better acclimated to it now. I've been doing this thing where in a Discord
server with friends I send screenshots of every time I get rejected. That's
been helping me and giving my friends some reassurance that getting rejected is
alright. I've been getting a lot of Nos, and I think it's important that that
happens.

Being OK with rejection is a superpower. Taking rejection and turning it into
feedback is like an ever super-er power. Feedback means you have an opportunity
to get better. And getting rejected means you're aiming high enough.

If you're living a life where you're not getting rejected and everything is
being more or less handed to you I'd say you're not aiming your sights high
enough. Getting rejected means that you're doing things people don't think you
should be doing. And that's the stuff that you should be out there trying to
get.

I mean I guess there's the other side. Don't be so stupid and just apply with a
shitty application to get rejected with. You have to actually try your best.
Only when that happens is rejection meaningful. Otherwise you knew you pissed
away your shot.

Anyways, for myself this means I need to be collecting more rejections and more
feedback. In my job hunt this will help me learn things to better my prospects
and realize what's working and what isn't.
