---
layout: post
title:  "Hope for the Best"
date:   2023-12-10
categories: jekyll update
---
This week was a pretty medium amount of progress. I stopped networking/studying
and pretty much went all in Monday - Wednesday on prepping for some interviews.
After the final round Wednesday I was told that I'd hear back the next day. And
it's Sunday now. So yeah, probably didn't get that job.

Was kind of a morale killer, and so I got really lazy near end of week and have
been slow to study for an exam I have the coming Friday. But this experience
reminded me of a conversation I had with a friend when a video game was coming
out. He said something along the lines of, "I always keep my expectations
really low so that way if the game is anything I'm always happy with it."

I remember specifically thinking that what he said was pretty stupid. Now I
think it has some truth to it. My expectations after the interviews were high
and now that I haven't heard back I've been demotivated. For a while I've been
a super overly optimistic person. I'd see a job description and immediately
imagine myself getting it and working there before I even applied.

Optimists put man on the Moon. You can't be someone who consistently doubts
something happening and work on that very thing. At least that's what I told
myself. I think the correct way is somewhere in the middle. Hope for the best,
prepare for the worst.

The right process is as follows: Do the interview to the best of my abilities
then immediately assume that I didn't get the job. Have enough hope in myself
to properly practice for it, but enough pessimism to not allow myself to get
crushed when expectations don't become reality.

You may notice that in the last blog I talked about rejection and that I had
gotten over it. I did for things where I had one interview and I failed. But to
go through 4 rounds I did get my hopes up.

Too much optimism and you end up not working at all because everything is going
to go your way anyways. Too much pessimism and you end up not working at all
ecause nothing is going to go your way anyways. I have to stay in the middle.
