---
layout: post
title:  "I'm the Luckiest Man in the World"
date:   2024-01-14
categories: jekyll update
---

Today was a pretty good week. I did not manage to do much work in terms of job
hunting, but I put enough work in my capstone project to more or less screw off
and do random stuff and really have it be on the backburner. It really isn't
anything to worry about at all anymore. I'm still going to do what I said last
week in terms of my master plan.

Looking at my last couple blogs, I'm seeing a lot of complaining coming from
me, compared to my optimism from where I started. I wanted to talk a bit about
all of my advantages. Life really is great for me.

## Finances

No one financially depends on me. My parents are healthy and are able to work,
my brother is stable enough to be able to attend university. There is no
immediate pressure to start making money ASAP.

## Citizenship

I am both a US and Canadian citizen. I won't get kicked out of the country and
go to Pakistan if things do not go my way, or I make some random paperwork
error.

## Family

I have the best family. My Dad has instilled the ability to work hard in me
ever since I was a kid. My Mom has shown support in anything and everything
that I've ever done. My little brother is my CEO (chief ego officer) who makes
sure that no matter how well things are going for me, nothing gets to my head.
All of this not to mention my extended family. My cousins, aunts and uncles all
want what's best for me and we often talk to each other about our aspirations
and supporting each other.

## Friends

My friends are all amazing. I remember first moving to Canada and wondering if
I'd make any friends at all. People were really different here. Now I have a
lot. From family friends, to elementary school, high school and university.
I've met the nicest people to call my friends, they've never peer pressured me,
I've never felt left out and I feel like I can talk to most of them about
anything and everything.

## Conclusions

I may not have what I want just yet, but I have everything else in the world.
And if much of the things above was taken from me. I'd prefer having it than a
job right now. I have to make sure to remember that.

To whoever is reading this, it might help to count your blessings too.
