---
layout: post
title:  "Just Keep Swimming"
date:   2024-02-18
categories: jekyll update
---

Man there really isn't much I can say about this week. It's more of
the same stuff. Had two interviews, doing more leetcode, reaching out
to more people on linkedin. Life overall has been boring.

But at least boring is better than being stressed. I'm seeing progress
given the fact that I'm getting some interviews and moving along the
process.

I'm on the part of my journey where I just have to keep at it. Dory
had this attitude in Finding Nemo. I think it helped Marty find Nemo
at the end.

This attitude definitely helped was Andy Dufresne in Shawshank. That
guy hit wall after wall in prison. With the library and getting books
after 6 years. I mean even after the minimal amount of progress he did
get his mindset was still positive. One letter every week for 6 years
to get a couple books and like $200. "From now on I'll write 2 letters
a week."

Not a great situation, but hearing him say that was a great source of
inspiration. I know if I'm consistent with this "boring" stuff I'll be
alright in the end.

I'm happy that I'm going through this now vs later in my life where
things may not be so sweet.

For a while it was really hard to have a long term thinking approach
to my situation. I wanted things now and as soon as possible. I've
learned to become more patient by thinking about the long term
rewards.

The idea that I get to tell my parents whenever I get a job and know
that they'll be proud of me is all I need to not give up.
