---
layout: post
title:  "Struggling with Discipline"
date:   2024-01-07
categories: jekyll update
---
Man what the fuck am I doing with my time. Not so say that things are being
wasted but I feel like it isn't as effective as it should be. One nice thing I
did this week was catch up with some friends I only see like every 6 months or
so. But other than that what the hell. I didn't manage to get the capstone
project complete.

I should stop complaining, I really should. But man it sucks going to all of
these companies and seeing that they are only hiring senior+ engineers. I think
I'll need a different approach. The root of the problem I have right now I feel
is not setting goals with concrete milestones and tasks. I'm just kinda walking
through everything.

Here's a new game plan.

Set aside ~12 hours a day to focus on job hunting. Split into 1/3rds with each
third focusing on projects/leetcode/networking. Something I thought that was
fun was if I saw a really cool startup I could burn the project time on a
feature I think would be cool for the company. Maybe that would help show some
of my skills. For leetcode I'll just run 20 minutes of question and if I'm
stuck look at the solution and implement, then put the question in a "do again
later" pile. And for networking it's all cold approaches on LinkedIn and maybe
some emails.

During a conversation with a friend this week he brought up the idea of taking
a break. I guess I never really thought of that as an option before. I'm
someone who's always focused on the next thing and never really takes time to
relax. This is probably not a good thing. Even on family vacations longer than
a few days I start getting angsty and want to get back to work.

I think I know why, I'll talk about it here sometime, but this I feel can be
damaging because I make things worse for my family/friends. Maybe taking a
break would be a good idea, but I could only in good conscious do it after I
get a job. Maybe I'll ask for a start date that's a month from whenever I hear
the news that I got accepted. That would be some time to just wander and let my
brain do random stuff for a while.

But yeah, didn't get a lot of shit done this week. Feeling pretty bad about it.
Now that school is over I'm very much aimless and have to rely on self
discipline to get things done. See how I do by reading next weeks blog.
