---
layout: post
title: Loser
date: 2024-04-21
categories: jekyll update
---
[This video by neetcode is better than anything I will write here](https://youtu.be/QHXET1G9Y5U)

Posting updates online publicly has definitely been helpful. Feeling some pressure now to get stuff done. But I also kind of feel like a loser. Almost like I'm begging for a job.

I think it's just a matter of repeating this over to myself. "I might be a loser right now, but that's OK." It's not like I'm planning on staying in this state forever. 

This whole thing is an experiment in persistence. So long as I don't give up I haven't really lost. Though it's hard to feel that way at times.

I need to become OK at being a loser, I mean how else am I gonna figure anything out in the future. Gotta suck before getting good.

So it's definitely working, but it's also kind of embarrassing. I'm not used to this yet. I also have not gotten shit done today. Been busy since I woke up this morning hanging out with friends. I need consistency and a schedule in my life otherwise I'm going to repeat the same mistakes again. Time to setup the master plan:

Wake up
Basement Gym ~1 hour
~ 6 hours:
Job apps (custom resume, cover letter)
Cold messaging + hitting up ppl in my network

 ~2 hours
Bike in nature


Leetcode rest of the day
Cooldown and relax ~2 hours end of day
Snooze


Strats:
Job apps: custom resume + cover letter for each application. I've been a little snarky when companies ask you to fill in the same shit again saying "refer to resume." That's gotta stop I'll just do as I'm told and fill it in again.

Cold messaging + hitting up people in my network. I sort of feel like a fake and a fraud when I do this. I like talking to people for who they are, not for what I can get from them. LinkedIn cold outreach sucks the soul out of me. But I think it's the work that no one likes that needs to get done.

Leetcode: 3 piles, questions for today, failed questions, passed questions. If I do a question and solve it without assistance in under 25 minutes with optimal solution, it's in passed. If I can't, I watch a leetcode video and put it in failed. And try again some later date. Questions for today are pulled from the leetcode 150 list. 10 a day minimum.

I might be a loser right now, but that's OK. I won't be forever.