---
layout: post
title:  "Proof of Work"
date:   2024-01-21
categories: jekyll update
---

This week has been leetcode, projects and linkedin messages. And this will be
my life until I land something. As long as I'm consistent with this, things
should work out. It's definately been hard to go through this stuff. Don't get
to see the results of this work for a while.

One thing that's been slowing me down is that I feel like I've always been a
perfectionist. But something I realized about this week is you don't need to be
perfect to start, you just need to start and figure things out along the way.

I'd always wait and plan before any execution, and I'd be stuck in this cycle
of planning to ensure I had this perfect setup before going out and trying to
get anything done.

The issue is, delaying any work for a plan doesn't show proof of work. There
has to be some type of evidence out there that shows your skills in some type
of way.

I'd like to think of this blog as my proof of work. At least to myself, this
thing forces me to do something. But maybe I'm being too shy about this thing,
and should be talking about it on twitter or something. Maybe that'll give me
the kick in the nuts I really need to move faster.

In the Dark Knight Rises, Bruce Wayne is thrown into a prison that's
essentially a giant hole in the ground. There is a way to climb out, but it
requires that you make a jump that's basically impossible. Luckily there's a
rope to catch people who fail the climb.

Bruce tries to make this climb, but fails. After he discusses it with a fellow
inmate. The inmate tells him, "You do not fear death. You think this makes you
strong? It makes you weak." Bruce asks why, and the inmate responds "How can
you move faster than possible, fight longer than possible, without the most
powerful impulse of the spirit. The fear of death. The will to survive."

The conversation goes further. The prisoner tells Bruce to make the climb, but
this time, "Without the rope, then fear will find you again."

Maybe being more public about this is me climbing without the rope. But I'm
also in a (what I consider to be) super embarassing position. I guess I'm still
a university student until this capstone is done in April, but I know that's an
excuse.
