---
layout: post
title:  "Failure"
date:   2024-06-18
categories: jekyll update
---

tl;dr: Do something, then talk about it.

I deleted the only friction log I made a bit ago. I wasn't really proud of it
and I messed up with organizing it in any way. Fixing it up would require as
much effort as making a new one so I may as well do that.

I made a [tweet](https://x.com/mustafa_tariqk/status/1780433932904714573) a
bit ago outlining a goal. I've failed to accomplish that goal.

Eid has come and gone and I'm in the same position. Sucks but I have a good
idea as to why. Before I jump into that: new goal is to land something by
August 18th. I have a big camping trip then.

A big issue was announcing things before I did them. Title you see in the top
left is "What did you get done this week" not what are you going to do. Let's
stick to that.

When I posted daily updates before work was done I already pushed that pressure
off me. The post is not the issue the actual work is.

Another thing is consistency. I make these grand plans but have no follow
through. It's too easy to lie on the internet. Very easy to also lie to
yourself. "Tomorrow" is such a nice way to push responsibilities. I'd give up
on stuff and say "ah well today is ruined. Let's just start tomorrow instead."

I started out strong, very strong. I faced failure and gave up. Slowed to a
hault. Yes I did the weekday meetings to interview prep but I kinda just been
messing around with those. With a close friend interview prep just ain't the
same.

I need to remember who I used to be. In school I was a killer, in my internship
I was a killer, on campus taking my fitness seriously I was a killer. Here's a
fun fact about me. I lost 30 pounds in a month during my last semester in
school. I came home and I got lazy, it's all back.

I read books, I read blogs, I'm waiting for the right moment to hit and to
finally start. You want to know something insane? I still haven't "started."
Well I have of course, but I haven't had my first "perfect day" where I stuck
to my plan.

There is no perfect day. Distractions and events will pop up and I will have to
adapt instead of giving up altogether.

"There is no one coming to save you" is starting to sink in. This is real life
now, not school. No one is going to do this for me, and structure is lost now.
I've made plans in this blog before. "Damn messed up this week now I'm going
fix things here's the plan moving forward"

So, outside of this blog post. You won't be seeing me talk about what I'm going
to do. I'm just going to do. Come back next week to see me crush this.
